{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 	The new 
\b Knox Searchable Course Schedule
\b0  is done by \ul David Roman 15\'92\ulnone  and \ul Joe Miao 15\'92\ulnone .\
 \
	The original Searchable Course Schedule includes information of course code, course title, credit, foundations, diversity, writing, speaking, pre-requirements, faculty, periods and days. \
\
	Based on the the features of the old website, the new website also includes Course Description, Foundation 2 (NPS - Natural and Physical Sciences, QSR - Quantitative and Symbolic Reasoning), SU and cross listings . Plus, it has a new interface. \
\
	\
Files:\
\
The CS320-2014Scraper project includes a java project which crawls the Course Schedules Spring 2015 pdf and uploads data to CS320yankee database which includes a \'93catalog\'94 table, a \'93courseshedule\'94 table and a \'93labs\'94 table. \
\
The majority of the code is done in ScheduledCourse.java which is a class to store information for all the courses on the pdf, Lab.java which is a class to store information for all the labs and most importantly PDFCrawler.java where the pdf is parsed and data is uploaded to the database. Notice that  a small part of the data is hardcoded into the database because there\'92s formatting issue on the pdf. But majority of the data is parsed by a set of methods created by us. There are leo course.java which is a class to store information about the courses from the catalog, CrawAllFiles.java and CrawOneFile.java to crawl and parse the catalog webpages. \
\
The website folder includes index.html, index.php, styles.css and an image folder which basically includes Knox\'92 s logo. \
\
index.php facilitates the major functionalities of the Searchable Course Schedule. It basically connects and the website with the backend database and play a communication role between the two. \
\
The functionalities of the website includes:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Users can filter courses by departments, credits, foundations(both old and new), key competencies and periods\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}It provides users with information on course code, course title, course credit, what foundations a course fulfills, what key competencies a course fulfills, periods and days of a course, who teaches the course, whether a course is a SU course.   New features also include course descriptions, pre-requirements of courses.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat1 \trmarl720 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4740\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4740\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\sl480\slmult1
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1
\cf0 \cell \lastrow\row
}